Our strategies revolve around the evolving aspirations of consumers. Our experienced management team, along with motivated and well-trained employees have enabled us to successfully establish a customer-oriented corporate culture. Our culture drives our strategy and provides a strong foundation to retain and enhance our long-term competitiveness. We believe that our emphasis on training our employees improves our operational efficiency as well as our customer service standards. These training programmes focus on (i) responsibility to customers to provide them quality products at affordable prices, (ii) constantly improving our operations at stores to enhance our customer service standards. Our objective is to improve their skills and service standards, enhance loyalty, reduce attrition rates and increase their productivity.
We also believe that our employees have been an important factor in our success, as they drive the quality and efficiency of our services. We have followed transparent management policies over the years, encouraging employees to take up challenging roles and responsibilities to drive organisational growth.
We have benefited from our in-depth understanding of local needs and our ability to respond quickly to the changing consumer preferences. Our IT systems are built with a wide range of data management tools specific to our business needs and support key aspects of our business. IT helps our cash management systems, in-store systems, logistics systems, humar resources, projects management, maintenance and other administrative functions. This helps us to minimise product shortage, pilferage, out of stock situations etc., and increase overall operational efficiency.
We have put in place internal control systems and a structured internal audit process vested with the task of safeguarding the assets of the organisation and ensuring reliability and accuracy of the accounting and other operational data. The internal audit department reports to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.
Similarly, we maintain a system of monthly review of the business as a key operational control wherein the performance of units is reviewed and corrective action is initiated. We also have in place a capital expenditure control system for authorising spend on new assets and projects. Accountability is established for implementing the projects on time and within the approved budget. The Audit Committee and the Top Management are regularly apprised of the internal audit findings and regular updates are provided to the Top Management of the Action taken on the internal audit reports. The Audit Committee reviews the quarterly, half yearly and the annual financial statements of the Company. A detailed note on the functioning of the Audit Committee and of the other Committees of the Board forms part of the section on corporate governance in the Annual Report. During the year, we carried out a detailed review of internal financial controls. The findings were satisfactory and suggestions for improvement have been taken up for implementation. Policy guidelines and standard operating procedures (SOPs) continue to be updated where required to keep pace with business requirements.
The Board of Directors reviews the Company’s business risks and formulates strategies to mitigate those risks. The Senior Management team, led by the Managing Director, is responsible to proactively manage risks with appropriate mitigation measures and implementation thereof.
